docs/world-structure-production.md, before:

Items may be produced the the following world structures:

## Refinery

Refineries in Foxhole are the critical bottleneck through which the entire supply chain must fit through regardless of any other factor. They are the only way to get certain intermediate products that are used in production of items. For instance, Basic Materials that are used for World Structure production and building and repairs at the frontline are made exclusviely in Refineries. Other critical inputs like Explosive Powder and High Explosive Powder come from refinries as well.

While the refineries in Foxhole have relatively high throughput and aren't a major production bottleneck, they do introduce sometimes subsantial lead time in the production process maing their queues annoying to manage.

Like most other buildings in Foxhole they have a slightly "communist" appraoch to property, wherein if you do not refresh a refinery queue by interacting with it within 50 hours the queue expires and becomes public. Anyone on the team may use public resources and once, produced anything made from those resources becomes private again.

Certain items in the game, particularly items related to more powerful weapon systems or late game content, have signfigant lead times. These time are as follows:

* Refined Materials - 2.7 days for a full refinery queue of 6,000 rmats
* High Explosive Powder - 28 hours
* Explosive Powder - 30 hours
* Disel - ~17 hours
* Basic Materials - 1.5 hours

Once items are refined, they must be picked up and them from there they can either be taken directly to the frontline (in the case of bmats), taken to a production facility, or taken to storage for later use.

## Mass Production Factory (MPF)

The Mass Production Factory offers an average of about 39% on crates and 30% on vehicles and shippable. For most items in the game it is the least expensive way to produce things.

The MPF gives three important discounts:

* A *cost* discount of 10% per crate, stacking to a maximum of 50%
* A *time* discount, stacking to a maximum of 10x
* For shippables, a *density* discount allowing 3 shippables per shippable slot instead of just one. 


These are essential for providing high volume logistics, as the greatest production bottlenekc is often midline transportation.

The MPF produces the following categories of items:

* Small Arms
* Heavy Arms
* Heavy Ammunition
* Resource (Maintenance Supplies)
* Uniforms
* Vehicles
* Shippable

Items from the MPF come in either crate form or shippable form.

For crates the maximum a total of 9 crates resulting in a maximum MPF cost discount of roughly 39%.

For shippables they are output as an unassembled box that can be unpacked at a storage depot or seaport that contain 3 of a given shippable. The maximum MPF quantity for shippable queue is 5 shippable or vehicles.

The MPF typically has a long lead time of production, often over 24 real life hours for things like vehicles. As a result, it can be quite challenging to get the production volume needed to truly sustain a front from purely MPF production alone. It takes days to get enough stuff to fill a single shipping container at an MPF and less than a day to use an entire shipping container worth of items on the front. In fact, depending on the type of item it could be in as little as a few minutes. It is not uncommon for extremely active fronts to go through a shipping container worth of items in about 15 minutes.

Because of this, the MPF should be a treasured and guarded resource. Items that are expensive should always be strived to be produce in the MPF, and the MPF should always try to produce as much as reasonably possible. 

All MPFs contain a constraint wherein they can only have a maximum of 25 orders queued across the entire team at one time. This is not usually a huge deal as queue space opens relatively quickly, often within under an hour. But it can be a large problem if you have multiple people who need to set uquees.

However, unlike facilities, the MPF is quite manual. Nothing happens without user interaction, adding in an additional delay on top of the latency and complexity inherent in the game mechanics. 24/7 production is not possible.

While it is theoretically possible to use multiple MPFs, actually doing so introduces signifigant transportation challenges, especially if shippables are being produced.


## Factory

The factory is the MPF's faster cousin. Unlike the MPF a factory produces items in only a few minutes instead of several hours. The actual per cycle production time is less, only a maximum of 4 crates and there is no discount.

Factories still only produce a single queue at a time, and may have a total of 6 players queued with orders for a particular item. They differ substantially from the MPF because unlike the MPF the maximum possible queue time at a factory is roughly 30 minutes. In practice, they usually have a very short wait. The number of factories and whether there is any queue at all greatly influences production per man hour. 

Having access to two factories is very ideal for producing large numbers of items.

Factories also have another essential consideration: all things made must be picked up within 1 hour of production or they will become public.

Unlike the MPF you can't produce shippables or vehicles there, but there are other equplivant buildings to do this. Factories exclusively produce crates and do not have a loading pad for input so they can't accept shipping containers.

Factories have the following equipment categories:


* Small Arms
* Heavy Arms
* Heavy Ammunition
* Resource (Maintenance Supplies)
* Utility
* Uniforms
* Medical

## Garage

Garages allow you to produce vehicles and repair them. Of these two roles the repair function is actually far more important. Armored vehicles cnn't be stored in a stockpile until their armor is repaired.

Garages allow you to crate and spawn in a vehicle by putting the items needed to buidl it in your player's backpack then taking out your hammer and maing the vehicle. Most vehicles go only one hammer swing is one material. For something like a tank, this can be time consuming requiring as many as 165 hammer hits.

Garages are more rare than factories, and typically you may have to go as far as 2 hexs.

## Container Yard

A container yard is probably the least utilized production buidling in the game. It allows you to make everything in the shippables tab. This includes pallets, containers, and emplaced weapons. Of note the shipyard can produce all the launchers used by the mitlitary.

The construction yard functions much like the garage, however you can use construction equipment to automate production of shippables at the container yard.
x   

## Shipyard

Commit message:

Refactor DiscordBot shutdown logic and test runner for clean async handling
- Refactored DiscordBot.shutdown() to check if self.client.close() returns a coroutine/awaitable and to suppress shutdown warnings when running in a test/mock environment.
- Added AsyncioTestRunner to the test suite to ensure a clean asyncio event loop is available for all tests, resolving DeprecationWarnings.
- Updated unit tests to use the new test runner and verified that all tests pass without warnings or errors.
- Ensured robust and production-safe event loop and shutdown management for both real and mocked Discord clients.

docs/world-structure-production.md, after:

Items may be produced the the following world structures:

## Refinery

Refineries in Foxhole are the critical bottleneck through which the entire supply chain must fit through regardless of any other factor. They are the only way to get certain intermediate products that are used in production of items. For instance, Basic Materials that are used for World Structure production and building and repairs at the frontline are made exclusviely in Refineries. Other critical inputs like Explosive Powder and High Explosive Powder come from refinries as well.

While the refineries in Foxhole have relatively high throughput and aren't a major production bottleneck, they do introduce sometimes subsantial lead time in the production process maing their queues annoying to manage.

Like most other buildings in Foxhole they have a slightly "communist" appraoch to property, wherein if you do not refresh a refinery queue by interacting with it within 50 hours the queue expires and becomes public. Anyone on the team may use public resources and once, produced anything made from those resources becomes private again.

Certain items in the game, particularly items related to more powerful weapon systems or late game content, have signfigant lead times. These time are as follows:

* Refined Materials - 2.7 days for a full refinery queue of 6,000 rmats
* High Explosive Powder - 28 hours
* Explosive Powder - 30 hours
* Disel - ~17 hours
* Basic Materials - 1.5 hours

Once items are refined, they must be picked up and them from there they can either be taken directly to the frontline (in the case of bmats), taken to a production facility, or taken to storage for later use.

## Mass Production Factory (MPF)

The Mass Production Factory offers an average of about 39% on crates and 30% on vehicles and shippable. For most items in the game it is the least expensive way to produce things.

The MPF gives three important discounts:

* A *cost* discount of 10% per crate, stacking to a maximum of 50%
* A *time* discount, stacking to a maximum of 10x
* For shippables, a *density* discount allowing 3 shippables per shippable slot instead of just one. 


These are essential for providing high volume logistics, as the greatest production bottlenekc is often midline transportation.

The MPF produces the following categories of items:

* Small Arms
* Heavy Arms
* Heavy Ammunition
* Resource (Maintenance Supplies)
* Uniforms
* Vehicles
* Shippable

Items from the MPF come in either crate form or shippable form.

For crates the maximum a total of 9 crates resulting in a maximum MPF cost discount of roughly 39%.

For shippables they are output as an unassembled box that can be unpacked at a storage depot or seaport that contain 3 of a given shippable. The maximum MPF quantity for shippable queue is 5 shippable or vehicles.

The MPF typically has a long lead time of production, often over 24 real life hours for things like vehicles. As a result, it can be quite challenging to get the production volume needed to truly sustain a front from purely MPF production alone. It takes days to get enough stuff to fill a single shipping container at an MPF and less than a day to use an entire shipping container worth of items on the front. In fact, depending on the type of item it could be in as little as a few minutes. It is not uncommon for extremely active fronts to go through a shipping container worth of items in about 15 minutes.

Because of this, the MPF should be a treasured and guarded resource. Items that are expensive should always be strived to be produce in the MPF, and the MPF should always try to produce as much as reasonably possible. 

All MPFs contain a constraint wherein they can only have a maximum of 25 orders queued across the entire team at one time. This is not usually a huge deal as queue space opens relatively quickly, often within under an hour. But it can be a large problem if you have multiple people who need to set uquees.

However, unlike facilities, the MPF is quite manual. Nothing happens without user interaction, adding in an additional delay on top of the latency and complexity inherent in the game mechanics. 24/7 production is not possible.

While it is theoretically possible to use multiple MPFs, actually doing so introduces signifigant transportation challenges, especially if shippables are being produced.


## Factory

The factory is the MPF's faster cousin. Unlike the MPF a factory produces items in only a few minutes instead of several hours. The actual per cycle production time is less, only a maximum of 4 crates and there is no discount.

Factories still only produce a single queue at a time, and may have a total of 6 players queued with orders for a particular item. They differ substantially from the MPF because unlike the MPF the maximum possible queue time at a factory is roughly 30 minutes. In practice, they usually have a very short wait. The number of factories and whether there is any queue at all greatly influences production per man hour. 

Having access to two factories is very ideal for producing large numbers of items.

Factories also have another essential consideration: all things made must be picked up within 1 hour of production or they will become public.

Unlike the MPF you can't produce shippables or vehicles there, but there are other equplivant buildings to do this. Factories exclusively produce crates and do not have a loading pad for input so they can't accept shipping containers.

Factories have the following equipment categories:


* Small Arms
* Heavy Arms
* Heavy Ammunition
* Resource (Maintenance Supplies)
* Utility
* Uniforms
* Medical

## Garage

Garages allow you to produce vehicles and repair them. Of these two roles the repair function is actually far more important. Armored vehicles cnn't be stored in a stockpile until their armor is repaired.

Garages allow you to crate and spawn in a vehicle by putting the items needed to buidl it in your player's backpack then taking out your hammer and maing the vehicle. Most vehicles go only one hammer swing is one material. For something like a tank, this can be time consuming requiring as many as 165 hammer hits.

Garages are more rare than factories, and typically you may have to go as far as 2 hexs.

## Container Yard

A container yard is probably the least utilized production buidling in the game. It allows you to make everything in the shippables tab. This includes pallets, containers, and emplaced weapons. Of note the shipyard can produce all the launchers used by the mitlitary.

The construction yard functions much like the garage, however you can use construction equipment to automate production of shippables at the container yard.


## Shipyard

The shipyard allows you to produce freighters, barges, gunboats, and other basic ships. Like the container yard, it is entirely manual, and you must use your hammer to make ships. It is intended for immediate use and not for mass production.

As ships have relatively long queue times at the you should generally prefer to make all items at the shipyard so the MPF can be used for more important items. Items like gunboats which use rmats should be made at the shipyard.
